Update AI usage policy and review guidelines (#5227)
MDAnalysis/mdanalysis: AI_POLICY.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Version: 1.1 (2026-02-17)
```

AI tools may be used in limited cases, for example when it is used for small amounts of AI-assisted code (e.g. autocompletion using copilot, cursor, etc...)
or for language translation purposes. **Such uses must always be declared.**

> Please understand the reviewing capacity is very limited for the project, so large PRs which appear to not have the requisite understanding might not get reviewed, and eventually closed or redirected.

Reviewer: Bike shedding a bit, I think this might be general enough to include in the previous section after line 13.

Reviewer 2: Sure, we can move it to the preamble.

Understanding from authors about what code they are contributing and how it fits into the larger picture is crucial.

> If reviewers feel there is a lack of understanding from looking at the code, PR descriptions or just general interactions with a contributor, we reserve the right to close the PR to save time and resources.

Reviewer: Do you want a "even if you say you aren't using AI" bit here? Would it help us?

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't include AI-qualifiers. The more we can use general principles, the better.

> Where previously more time and effort may have been put into reviewing and educating contributors, this is no longer possible due to overwhelming influx of 'AI slop'.

Reviewer 3: This sounds a bit too harsh. What about something like 

```suggestion
Given the limited reviewing capacity, time and effort of reviewing and educating contributors will be more targeted to PRs of initial high quality and/or contributors where interactions are constructive and of good quality.
```

Not sure exactly how to phrase it, but I think you get the point. I'd still be happy to spend time and effort educating human contributors that are willing to learn and keep contributing (as opposed to random contributors that just want to burn tokens wasting our time).

Author: Yeah I think this is much better - we do still want to try and be welcoming for it.
